OK,
so now that we've all had a bit of time to think about it.
Um Does anyone have any
concrete proposals or do we want to just
go through people and start placing them and kind of discuss as we go along?
I don't think there a re concrete proposals
but no,
it's kind of
we should
maybe find a method to do
stuff
like I don't know, choose
one para meter,
the first para meter to choose people to choose where to put people
like
I dunno, maybe permanent staff and non permanent stuff.
We know that professor will stay for a long time.
We a re we don't know for the other.
Yeah, that's true.
Maybe that could be the first para meter to take into account. Not just to,
-- yeah, give them like the
-- most comfortable offices and
-- yeah
-- and have this discussion every two years.
Yeah,
because it's
do you know?
Yeah, this makes sense.
That makes sense for everyone. So we can choose where to put.
Uh I would say the the the three
-- first one of the
-- list. Yeah, cause Martin's a professor but he's only here half time.
So it's sort of a different situation.
He's a professor at the PFL, but not
in Geneva. He just does research in Geneva
and maybe the two other senior
Andre and Nancy.
Okay. So, let's
go through that first.
Um,
so what do you think for, uh,
Susan and Maggie, for example, the,
the rooms for one person?
Yeah,
-- for
-- Susan probably acting. She prefers to have her own office.
Um,
okay. Any preference as to which one?
Not really.
We'll put Susan here for now. They can switch
and then Maggie and the other one. Yeah. Yeah,
it's up to them, I guess. Yeah.
No, it's up to,
up to
u si mean, they, they can switch,
they can switch later.
Um,
ok.
And then
play right next.
So we need to put Pierre
Andre and Nancy.
Do we want to, the, the question is now, is, do we want to put the three together
or the three completely separate
with
other people?
Um,
I would say not together.
Inp
has students
and Andre and Nancy don't, well,
does
Andre.
Yeah, but few
less than pure.
So we have
because also if we're going to put people together by projects and there's
no sense to put them together because they all work on different projects.
I know.
Um, I just realised something,
the two people room in the middle which has only one windows,
it's gonna be pretty hard to put two people inside that room
because they'll fight for the window.
It's quite dark.
What about moving Gisela in there?
If she's in there half the time she can have her desk near the window and, ok,
she's not near the mailbox but,
and near the
photocopy,
but it may be more sort of practical in terms of working environments for people.
Yeah.
Yeah, it would be nicer.
And what about the reading room?
-- But again, one of the reasons for putting the reading or more,
-- I, I
you,
I mean
uh I think everybody is supposed to spend more
time in the office than in the reading room.
So we might think that it's better to
have a more comfortable office than a more comfortable
reading room. I don't know,
it changed the plan of the morning. I'm sorry, but
I just realise that stupid architect
put on the one windows
who built this building. Do we know that?
I don't know.
I dunno,
do you think?
-- I
-- dunno, we spent
quite some time a t the last meeting and to decide this
just
took attention a t this
one windows problem
and I think it is one problem,
of course,
but everybody had the documents before so you could have studied them.
I
say
the
sa me
to
you.
What if we put the two people that a re 50% in that room
-- in the,
-- the two A PFL people
that's really welcoming and warming,
-- but they're
-- only here 50%.
Well, let's uh how we can uh fill the three person rooms.
What, what, what,
uh,
how we can, who we gonna put in the three person rooms. I mean, we have now,
uh, 23 person rooms left.
And, um,
no, no, but the main problem, we have the sa me number of
places and the sa me number of people now. So everyone has to go somewhere.
Yeah.
And, uh, I just noticed that we have these two
people room,
we
have
one
-- room with two windows. I
-- don't mind going into this office
you don't mind to have.
Okay. So
Nikos
and
you have to sign. Yeah, you have to find somebody agree to come with you
and it's not a question of you. It's a question of windows.
Who would you put with you?
Let's put a 50%. So,
oh, why not?
Okay?
From the?
OK. So that's
in there.
Yeah. Do you not have it? No,
-- you will learn to know
-- it. You'll meet him.
OK.
So
I'm just gonna
make a list on here of who we have
and keep talking.
So David and Nichols it's done.
And
so where were we? Uh and Nancy Andre
and
Nancy
maybe we can put pet
and her T 22 phd students into one room.
Yeah. Why not?
How many phd students did you have
all two Marians or?
And me?
And
you
can
say,
OK,
so
I'm
doing
a phd
officially.
Um
OK, so David Nikos,
Gisela
Maggie and Susan are done.
Ok.
So, and could you put the, the map again? So we,
so what happened?
Um,
that's, that might be a good idea to put your
head with two
phd students.
-- Okay. Whoever they A R
-- E, should we be nice and give them three windows.
Um,
yeah, may, maybe the other one would be more convenient if we a re
all working on the SA ME project.
So
we're close by.
Okay.
Ok.
Oops,
Supply it. And
the two Marianne's
that won't get confusing.
Yeah, I'd like to have a view to the mountains, but,
well,
it would
be with Marian
and Janette.
It's alright.
And we put Marian in front
if you want to be
where here. No,
on the room and the opposite. Oh, here.
Oh no, that's a old town view.
-- Well,
-- that's, that would have to be here or the other three person room.
Yeah. Well,
yeah,
all
times as well as well.
Yeah, that's alright.
-- She's not that far if she's li like in this one
-- here. And that's good because there a re
Marian
and Nicholas they a re on the other side of the.
So it's, yeah.
Ok. So Marianne and who do you want to work with,
who's left? Um
Let me see,
Martin.
No,
pier
is done.
Andre
Yalina
and
Agnes
would be good
and
actually
is working for the
Sa Me project as well.
Okay. So put
Yalina with um
with a beautiful laughter.
Ok.
And we have
right
No.
Do you think it's a good idea to put Martin and
Andre together since they're working on the Sa Me project?
-- Yeah, that
-- could work.
And
Martin is just, uh, 50% in.
Yeah.
And we might put Martin
and Andre and someone else in the three person room
since it's a 50%. It's a good,
yeah.
Ok.
I guess I can go in there because
Martin and I are working on sort of the same thing
and that leaves
Maria and Nancy.
Yeah, that's
a weird combination.
Why?
-- So, what do we think about that? Okay. W
-- why don't we move Maria to this,
to where,
to the office? I'm supposed to be and I can go with Nancy.
No, it's not that it's just, you've almost got a project split
except that you
don't because
Nancy and Maggie and I work on
the Parmenides
and then
Andre Martin, Maria and I also work on, I am too.
And so does Susan.
Although the Susan
is not a good thing,
this project splitting, I mean,
no
splitting by project,
-- but then we should split the little, mm DS LT party
-- up.
Yeah. No. But if you, I, if you split by project you put me in one
person room
all
on your own.
Hm.
That's hard.
I would put it the other way.
I would put the room with Martin in it in the two window room because he's 50%.
So then at least
the other two people get,
could you say that again?
Put Martin in the three person room with two windows
since he's 50%?
So, you just,
you just move him or
the two groups,
you just
either way.
Well, I don't know if we're splitting up,
what is this about windows or is it about it?
It, it must be functional if you and Martin work on the SA Me project then?
Yeah, I mean, uh, with whom,
with whom you'd like to work in the Sa Me office? I mean,
is it important to have someone, uh, from the SA Me project or? Um,
-- I don't
-- think it's necessarily so important to be in the Sa Me office with someone.
-- If you're working on the Sa Me project,
-- we can Skype each other.
Yeah. Yeah.
But you
all to
get
and
all the people by skyping all the time.
I don't know, like, right now I share an office with Bruno.
We don't work on any projects
together
except
coffee time and
that's important
project
-- and stuff like that. That's
-- fine.
Like, I don't need to be in the same office as someone who works on IM two or
someone who works on par.
-- It's not like, and it's
-- quite funny to, to, to hear
other
activities around you
-- and not always the SA ME stuff.
-- Yeah, that's for sure.
Especially when it's activity that you don't
understand or
you hear things out of context. Yeah. Right.
I agree. But the set up is pretty good now.
So Bruno is not on MS LT and he's sharing, um, MS LT office.
Uh, I'm not sharing somebody with,
I work on the Sa Me project.
Um,
yeah,
I,
I don't know. You a re saying that, uh, Maria and Nancy
doesn't fit.
I just
-- together
-- in the SA Me, you can't really see them sharing an office.
-- So, what you say
-- if you change the office, uh,
I don't know.
And do you work with Nancy or, uh,
what do you
put Andre and Nancy Nancy together because they're starting that new
project?
Oh,
yeah,
for exa MP.
And then put Maria with
me and Martin.
I
-- could see that working a bit better. Yeah.
-- Okay. Why not
would you, um,
hm.
What,
you know,
don't,
I'm not totally convinced.
Sorry,
I'm not convinced about what's
bothering
you.
I don't know.
Yeah. What is it? Now?
I thought you were saying you didn't wanna be in a three person room.
First
of
all,
you're changing your mind. All this
from the beginning.
I said the three person room, it's quite, I mean, it's a disadvantage
but if you work with the people, like,
and
Marian
and, um,
to change a little bit this disadvantage, we put somebody 50% in a
3% room so we could do the SA me
in the 3% rooms.
But there
is,
and he
does have the window problem,
which is why I still think we should put
Gisela in that room because
it's,
she gets the window, the Stasia,
whatever he's there for two months,
-- it's their
-- problem.
And
Stasia
it's here for working
for enjoying the beer.
Exactly.
Well, anyway, it's always
fucking Geneva. So there is no view
this having quite
a
un avant
situation because there a re Marian
and Bruno who a re
having reception hours.
But
that's so if you can
as well, we all have.
Yeah. So it's quite a
traffic there. I would say.
So what if we
switch?
No,
w will there be wireless in the building?
I mean,
if there a re reception hours so somebody could
move to the reading room and have people,
-- you
-- have to have a computer with wireless.
Well, isn't this the case? Doesn't everybody have
-- one?
-- Well, most of us, first of all have desktop computers.
-- Plus
-- you can't assume that you can just use the reading room for reception hours.
Right? Like people are actually using it as a reading,
having
a
room
room for
reading or
so, what
can we say? We're gonna move
Gisela here?
Yeah.
Okay.
And then
I think that gives usa little bit more flexibility to play with
-- moving people
-- around. Can we say that David
goes here
instead of
you were the first one on the list? But if you wanna remove someone else?
No, because I was thinking of we can
um,
having these two office, which a re near to the lift.
Keep this office for
reception people.
We a re pierre
the two Marian and Iare receiving and Maggie and Susan,
a re receiving a lot of students
with,
with the finish for exa MP if you want.
Well, you,
well, you have
already speak quite well finished. So.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yes, I will.
I'm just putting it in
it,
-- but
-- that's nice to have a corner, a student, I mean, a student area.
You know what I mean?
-- Yeah. It's easy
-- for them to,
yeah, to find us. And it's also quite noisy when you have
this kind of
parade of student
before the exa MS.
So, if you work with me and you have this,
so, Nico
and Allina
-- or do you want to go somewhere else? I have
-- no problem with that.
Um,
so in the photography is still
here.
Yeah, we have to prune or run from the other side of the,
but, well,
you just don't photocopy.
Yeah. Who does anyway?
Yeah. The people having students.
Yeah.
So maybe you and Bruno should take this office.
No, but it's too far from,
well, you have the other.
Yeah.
Left.
Ok.
Yeah. If we change the switch,
three people, Marian
David.
David
with here, with here. And, uh,
oh, yeah.
Yeah. That's a good idea.
-- That's like that.
-- And then
you too.
So we have a three windows
with you everywhere.
That's what the plan was
from the
beginning.
You get the photocopying noise.
Now we're all gonna come photocopy just to annoy you.
It's
-- not
-- very healthy there.
Yeah.
And
bathrooms a re nearby. Yeah.
Yeah. And
OK,
I think that's quite nice.
Or did
was the
I should start start making full sentences.
What about
I was thinking about
moving Pierrette
and Marianne into a two person office rather than a three person office.
And then, and
put
David
with Andre and Nancy for exa m
in a two person office. No, a three person office.
And why?
Because if they have
reception,
I know, I thought you were saying that
you
should have a smaller office
or be in a smaller office because of reception or something or did I just completely
misunderstand?
No, no. The reason to put
Pierrette and Marianne
and to put Marian and I together is because of the noise
we make by
receiving student.
And then the reason to put David in this office, it's because
it's 50%
industry.
Okay
place office.
Um,
that sounds nice. No.
-- Yeah,
-- it looks good.
Mhm.
-- And I think we do have the best office.
-- Yeah, I think too. I'm quite happy
to kind
of dictatorship.
We a re here to make a decision. So,
and Agnes, you're gonna sell this to
the administrator.
Yeah, I'm going to try. Yes.
Yeah.
So,
ok, what arguments do I need?
-- Well, we have the,
-- the argument of
the group and
students here,
although you still have Susan and Maggie over here.
Yeah.
-- Yeah.
-- But it's quite logical to have the, for the professors.
Yeah. One person rooms,
I, I think.
Mm.
So it is sort of a, well, no, it's not a project split.
It's weird because it kind of, isn't, it kind of, isn't
because Maria Martin and I all work on the SA ME project
and then Andre and Nancy work on the SA ME project.
-- Yeah. But
-- we all work on different projects so we can't.
But it is a little squared you put,
oh, it's a printer
and the photography.
Okay.
That's quite fine.
Okay. Let me just write down the arguments for why.
Um
reception. One
suggestion. If possible, we could move me and Yalena
to the office where Andre and Nancy A re now
you just want a bigger window.
No, I, I just,
it's just more convenient if I'm closer with my,
you the partners on my project. Okay.
We can Skype, as you said.
No. Yeah, that's fine. Happy.
So
the arguments a re
uh student reception
in one corner.
So that's noise reduction.
The 50%
stuff,
industry
person rooms.
Okay. And the projects they, they a re quite well grouped actually. Now,
now they a re Yeah.
Yeah.
And um
-- except for David, but we can't do anything about
-- that.
And the two professor is one single
and while Jesus
is kind of
in the middle,
yeah.
Is the heart of the
heart
of the,
and since you n you will meet the administrator.
Can we ask for a coffee machine somewhere
-- in the reading room? That would be
-- good.
Yeah. Or in that hall? I mean the sixth floor, there's no
coffee
machine.
It's,
you mean like
-- a little machine
-- or a vending
a vending machine?
The little machine I think would be harder to sell but
ask
for,
have a try
the good coffee
with good coffee.
Italian one, please.
Strong, strong, good coffee.
Yeah.
And hope
t
good
afternoon.
What did you say? Hot tea,
tea
for
the afternoon? Yeah, because with strong coffee, I don't sleep
if you're late. Uh, if you work late. Yeah.
-- And you drink, uh, coffee.
-- Yeah.
And do we know if there will be air conditioning?
Is there actually a smoking area somewhere?
-- No, not
-- for
-- non smoking
-- building.
Yeah, but we, okay.
We have the terrace still
on the
floor.
There
is
no
terrace on that building.
No,
no, no,
-- they'll have to go
-- down. They have to go down. Yeah.
So, no, we're not gonna change the plane only for the smoke.
-- Well, it's,
-- it's ideal for Nancy. She's just very close to the lifts
and
Susan and Maggie,
I think it's fine.
Ok.
Excellent. Yeah.
Yeah, I think it's okay.
-- Let's see
-- what the
is
gonna help you with that.
Uh
Yeah, I think so.
Just checking if they actually have everyone but I think we do.
So when exactly a re we supposed to move
in,
what was it? What did I say?
Three
weeks,
three
weeks.
So, they've set up everything wiring, uh,
internet
or what's the step?
As
far as I
know?
Yeah.
As far as I know, basically we pack up one day, the movers come take all our stuff,
put it into the right boxes.
So, when you get there the next day, all your stuff is already in your office
and all the IP S and everything is set up. They're trying.
So
we'll see, make sure you label your boxes properly.
Um, especially the mer
hands.
Yeah, they don't confuse it
with the other Marian. But
-- can
-- we think of putting a white board somewhere
in the hole for general information?
Uh,
we can try,
I can ask though.
Well, ma mailing lists,
of course you can mail
em.
Yeah.
Yeah. But I mean, you have a nice poster of the next conference. You don't put
it
a
b, a big board with,
um, where,
like along
along one of the
walls
or in front of a reading room or?
Yeah.
Well, there a re, lots of walls
we can po posters on.
Okay. So,
along that bottom hallway somewhere.
Ok.
Anything else I need to ask them?
No,
no more special.
Who is this?
And I don't,
actually we may need to sort out.
Mhm.
That's not healthy.
Um, who,
I don't know if we need to sort out who sits where,
because if they're going to plug everything
and set everything up.
-- I
-- think it's,
everybody's responsibility to find
if they prefer to be in front of, back to a window or whatever.
I mean,
if we start doing that and then not happy
we
don't want
to.
So I
think
we
can,
yeah, I, I just can't remember whether they're actually gonna set everything up
for us or not, but we can change it, I guess.
Ok.
That's it. Then
I'll save this.
Can you mail a copy of that to everybody?
Not right now because I'm not connected to the internet.
No,
but I will.
Ok.
Good. We're done then.